you know I want to talk for a moment
about a subject I know you're passionate
about here in Brooklyn and that is the
subway and if you take the El train to
get here than I do
all right well enjoy it while still
moving because as you probably know the
MTA is planning to shut the El train
down in April for repairs that will take
at least 15 months and through the end
of November they've cut back on the
number of El trains that run at night
for a track maintenance so MTA is
sending a strong message and that
message is walk but even when the trains
are running there are hurdles to clear
so many weird things happen on the train
for instance you know people will bring
[Music]
their own chairs aboard there are
animals of various types I think those
are crabs that's a puppet I think and
yeah is this happen this weekend
actually a guy brought a palm tree and
every day is an adventure so all week
long we've been handing out
questionnaire cards asking members of
our studio audience to tell us who they
think of the most annoying people on
their daily commutes we compiled the
results and now with help from the
wonderful Billy Crudup and Amy Sedaris
here are the top five most annoying
people on the subway number five we got
a lot a lot of complaints about this one
Gillian asaro Suarez from the Bronx
wrote the dude on the train who spreads
his legs on purpose and refuses to give
space to an elderly or pregnant person
I wish diarrhea upon him I think we all
know this guy and his name is the man
spreader
hey can I get some room here I am so
sorry man I have this medical condition
where I don't give it
audience member Selena Domo from Harlem
is among many who wrote the lazy person
that sleeps in extra 20 minutes so they
can brush their teeth floss clip and
paint their nails on the subway at
number 4 this is the grooming commuter
this little piggy went to market this
little piggy came home this little piggy
got kicked out of Duane Reade there
women my coffee
oh are you single oh I think we're
having a moment
that's hot oh I mean the coffee
kiss me the hits only get bigger from
here Nick from the Bronx is among those
who wrote people who bring weird animals
on not just dogs and cats but birds and
reptiles which brings us to number three
the exotic pet owner stand clear of the
closing doors please hello hello hello
this is Julius squeezer don't be afraid
he's a licensed comfort pet
I'm the another annoying person on the
subway the inconsiderate cyclists were
the oversized backpack
you're not going anywhere your tension
is upsetting Julius at number two he
visited number two what is perhaps the
most disturbing exhibit of all J Shah of
Levittown wrote the person in the corner
who is doing stuff under his trench coat
yes ladies you know who this is the man
who is probably masturbating
[Music]
[Applause]
are you masturbating what no I'm
masturbating I'm polishing my bowling
Jovie
[Applause]
the one who's masturbating is that guy
oh hey hey I'm not I'm masturbating I'm
grinding pepper Yoona to know who's
masturbating she's masturbating you want
my pepper
we got dozens of complaints about one
specific group the singers the dancers
and the rappers will hold the car
hostage while you desperately try to do
whatever you're desperately trying to do
Mike tea from Bedford cybersyn wrote
these guys make me want to jump on the
third rail the number one most annoying
person on the subway is the subway
showman Jung jokes yes the closing doors
well you know what time it is it's show
time give me a beat yo yo yo my name is
Little Italy born and raised you try my
mom's spaghetti you will be oh man
is what what yeah holler at your boy
yeah your boy is a man and I've got more
flavor than clay
[Music]
the doctor
let's take this way to start
[Music]
36 chambers
[Applause]
Amy Sedaris Bryan Cranston and the
wu-tang clan thanks for watching and
remember every time you click the
subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed